hey everybody thank you for joining me
for the third video in today's review
Athan hope you've gotten a chance to
check out the others or just you know
watch them at your convenience whatever
but this next product I'm going to talk
about is from Neutrogena it's the
healthy skin liquid makeup and this was
something that my sister-in-law Sarah
told me I had just have to try this
because it's a really really good
foundation and I've tried a lot of
foundations and I honestly have a lot of
foundations that I like right now as you
know I like Rimmel lasting finish I like
my oh the Revlon Photoready I like
maybelline superstay and I'm a fan of
Revlon Colorstay so I mean I had a kind
of a high standard going into this first
off the one that I have is number 16
natural beige and it says healthy skin
liquid makeup makeup exclusive
antioxidant blend SPF 20 it says keeps
skins young and healthy look lightweight
silky formula so um this also just for
the basic more on the basics of the
product it does not have a pump which a
pump would be nice I've kind of gotten
spoiled with a Revlon Photoready having
that pump there but um basically you
know you can just tap it out on your
finger and then I kind of like put it
out on my hand and then put it on so um
I have applied this with my fingers and
I enjoy that method that's probably what
I've done the most but you could
definitely use a stippling brush or a
regular foundation brush with this
product as well but just for my overall
first impressions of this first off I
kind of need to tell you a little story
here Revlon Photoready okay I've really
enjoyed that makeup I've had overall
some pretty good luck with the
smoothness of my skin's texture not the
appearance of large pores and things
like that and so Revlon Photoready gave
me a really radiant look and I was
really happy with that if you've got
normal smooth skin I think that
foundation works really well but it does
have some noticeable sparkle shimmer to
it I guess it's definitely in there you
can see it if you look at
the bottle really closely you can see
that that is in there and that's not
always something you're gonna want then
we talked about like Revlon Colorstay
creamy long wearing foundation it looks
entirely matte it does not have sparkle
to it whatsoever it lasts a really long
time and that's great what about if you
don't want total matte even you know
finish and you also don't want Sparkle
well I kind of think that somehow this
Neutrogena Healthy Skin is I can't quite
put my finger on it but it's not as
absolutely flat and I don't want to say
Revlon Colorstay as cakey because I
don't think it's cakey but it's a very
very matte and just a flat it gives
every every part of your face looks you
know the same and sometimes you want
something that gives the skin a little
dimension it kind of you know can accent
certain contours in your face and that's
what photo-ready does but this one
manages to do that a little bit as well
without having sparkle and so that's why
I feel like I hope that made sense to
you guys but this is kind of like I put
photo ready here and then I put color
stay over here and I would put this in
the middle in terms of being very
wearable I have it on today I feel like
it's smooth on very onto my skin very
easily it's pretty liquidy I mean it's a
it's a pretty liquidy makeup but it does
blend very easily the coverage is good
maybe not as thick of coverage as Revlon
Colorstay or the Maybelline 24 hour but
it's close its close to that it's nice
that it has the sunscreen in there as
well but keep in mind sometimes when you
take pictures of titanium dioxide and
sunscreen can if you're planning to go
out and take a lot of pictures the flash
kinks sometimes make your inner
interacts with that ingredient in men
foundations with sunscreen and it can
make your face look wider than the rest
of your skin so something to think about
there but oh and all day to day wear not
a big issue I like that this says it
keeps your skin um I guess healthier or
you know after you take it off
you're it's kind of like it's giving
your skin kind of a treatment
practically as you're wearing it I like
that it does not feel overly drying I
think it's it's felt somewhat
lightweight it hasn't been quite as long
wearing as some of the other foundations
I have used like it's lasted me well
throughout my day but I then I really
get to looking at my face afterwards and
I'm thinking okay it doesn't look as
nearly as fresh as I did when I put it
on so I mean I felt like Revlon soup or
Revlon Colorstay maybelline superstay
and the Rimmel lasting finish have done
a good job of really holding up all
throughout the day and this shows a
little bit more but I love the way it
smoothes on I love the overall
appearance of it it's just great and I
also like how it kind of gives your skin
a radiant look without without having
sparkle and I don't know how it does
that but it does a great job it's been
often compared to NARS sheer glow but I
haven't tried that so obviously I'm not
you know really putting it in that
context but I have also reached for this
quite a bit and since dealing with a
little bit of eczema issues on my skin
and around my eye and I thought I trust
the Neutrogena products to not throw in
a bunch of fragrance and you know have
lots of issues in terms of something
that's going to be abrasive to my skin
in that sensitive state and this is not
further irritated fat so that's a big
thing I needed to touch on for this
review was how well I think this works
for skin sensitivity issues and things
like that so while it may not quite have
the thickness and coverage or staying
power necessarily of those others that
I've talked about it does get you
through a day for sure and I just think
it works really well very easy to blend
out if you struggle with getting an even
you know look of your foundation you can
easily with your fingers apply this and
get an even look it's in terms of really
improving the condition of my skin I
think I need to use it a little longer
to be able to tell you about that for
sure um I mean I feel like overall my
skin is pretty good like I said I've had
the
some issues here and there and I don't
consider this to be any sort of
treatment for that but as long as it
doesn't irritate it further I'm like
okay you're good but I'll keep you
posted on if I really feel like my skin
has gotten drastically healthier as I
use this over time I still use my other
ones I still like them as well and I
think I have different kind of purposes
for everything this has a higher SPF in
it than many of my other foundations do
so that's something I maybe keep in mind
if I'm getting outdoors and active and
there are benefits to this time if
you're - not wearing a super thick
foundation I haven't reached for my
color stay in a while because of just
the weather and you know I mean while it
is long wearing it is thicker - so thank
you guys so much for watching this
review it's always complicated to review
a foundation so I hope what I've said
has made sense to you this is a
foundation I would really recommend goes
on well gives a pretty look will last
you through a typical day I think a
workday or whatever if you're not too
terribly active and sweating I mean
you're always going to struggle with the
staying power of your makeup but I'm
good for sensitive skin as well so
thanks a lot for watching guys have a
wonderful day and stay tuned for more
reviews